Go SDK updates (#1084)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/sources/event-streams/sdks/rudderstack-go-sdk.mdx

## SDK setup requirements

1. Sign up to [RudderStack Cloud](https://app.rudderstack.com/signup).
2. <Link to="/dashboard-guides/sources/#adding-a-source">Set up a Go source</Link> in your dashboard. You should be able to see a <strong>write key</strong> for this source, as shown:

<img src="../../../assets/event-stream-sources/go-sdk-write-key.png" alt="Go source write key" />

You will also need a data plane URL. Refer to the <Link to="/dashboard-guides/overview/#data-plane-url">Dashboard Overview</Link> guide for more information on the data plane URL and where to find it.

<div class="successBlock">

> The <strong>Setup</strong> tab in the RudderStack dashboard (seen above) has an SDK installation snippet containing both the write key and the data plane URL. You can use it to integrate the Go SDK into your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The <strong>Setup</strong> tab in the RudderStack dashboard (seen above) has the SDK installation snippet containing both the write key and the data plane URL. Copy it to integrate the Go SDK into your application.
```

		analytics.Config{
			DataPlaneUrl: DATA_PLANE_URL,
			Interval:     30 * time.Second,
			BatchSize:    100,
			Verbose:      true,
			Gzip:         0,  // Enables Gzip compression - set to 1 to disable Gzip.
		})

    // Enqueues a track event that will be sent asynchronously.
    
    client.Enqueue(analytics.Track{
        UserId: "1hKOmRA4GRlm",
        Event:  "Test Event",
    })

    // Flushes any queued messages and closes the client.
    
    client.Close()
}
```

### SDK initialization options

The RudderStack Go SDK provides the following initialization options:

| **Field**      | **Type**      | **Description**        |
| :---------------------- | :------------ |:---------------- |
| `Interval`   | Time (in sec) | The SDK sends the messages when this flushing interval time has elapsed.       |
| `BatchSize`       | Integer           | Total number of messages to be sent in a single batch.  Default value is 100.     |
| `Verbose`  | Boolean  | When set to `true`, the client sends more frequent and detailed messages to the logger.  |
| `RetryAfter`    | Time (in sec) |  Determines how long the SDK should wait to retry sending the failed messages. |

> | `Gzip` | Integer   | Enables Gzip compression of the requests. By default, this is enabled (value set to `0`). To disable gzip, set this parameter to `1`.          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Gzip` | Integer   | Enables gzip compression of the requests. By default, this is enabled (value set to `0`). To disable gzip, set this parameter to `1`.          |
```

> | `NoProxySupport`        | Boolean          | Setting this variable to `true` if you do not use a proxy to send the events.    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `NoProxySupport`        | Boolean          | Set this variable to `true` if you do not use a proxy to send the events.    |
```

<div class="infoBlock">
Setting <code class="inline-code">NoProxySupport</code> to <code class="inline-code">true</code> will avoid RudderStack making calls to the proxy for fetching the total number of nodes in case of a multi-node setup.
</div>

## Gzipping requests

<div class="successBlock">

> The Gzip feature is enabled by default in the Go SDK version 4.0.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The gzip feature is enabled by default in the Go SDK version 4.0.0.
```

package main

import (
    "github.com/rudderlabs/analytics-go/v4"
)

func main() {
    // Instantiates a client to use send messages to the RudderStack API.
    
    // Enter your write key in the below placeholder:
    
    client, _ := analytics.NewWithConfig(WRITE_KEY,
		analytics.Config{
			DataPlaneUrl: DATA_PLANE_URL,
			Interval:     30 * time.Second,
			BatchSize:    100,
			Verbose:      true,
			Gzip:         0,  // Enables Gzip compression - set to 1 to disable Gzip.
		})

    // Enqueues a track event that will be sent asynchronously.
    
    client.Enqueue(analytics.Track{
        UserId: "1hKOmRA4GRlm",
        Event:  "Test Event",
    })

    // Flushes any queued messages and closes the client.
    
    client.Close()
}
```

### SDK initialization options

The RudderStack Go SDK provides the following initialization options:

> | **Field**      | **Type**      | **Description**        |

Reviewer 2: Add Gzip in this table.

| :---------------------- | :------------ |:---------------- |
| `Interval`   | Time (in sec) | The SDK sends the messages when this flushing interval time has elapsed.       |
| `BatchSize`       | Integer           | Total number of messages to be sent in a single batch.  Default value is 100.     |
| `Verbose`  | Boolean  | When set to `true`, the client sends more frequent and detailed messages to the logger.  |
| `RetryAfter`    | Time (in sec) |  Determines how long the SDK should wait to retry sending the failed messages. |

> | `maxConcurrentRequests` | Integer   | Maximum number of parallel goroutines to be spawned.          |

Reviewer 2: Remove this.

    SetName("Alex Keener").
    SetEmail("alex@example.com").
    Set("plan", "Free").
    Set("manager", 12),
})
```

The `identify` method parameters are as described below:

| **Field**      | **Type** | **Presence**                              | **Description**                                                                                                            |
| :------------- | :------- | :---------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `anonymousId`  | String   | Optional                                  | Sets the user ID for cases where there is no unique identifier for the user. Either `userId` or `anonymousId` is required. |
| `userId`       | String   | Optional, if `anonymousId` is already set | Unique identifier for a particular user in your database.                                                                  |
| `context`      | Object   | Optional                                  | Dictionary of information that provides context about a message. However, it is not directly related to the API call.      |

> | `integrations` | Object   | Optional                                  | A dictionary containing the destinations to be either enabled or disabled.                                                 |

Reviewer 2: Don't remove `integrations` object.

Author: Done, for all the instances.

| :------------- | :----- | :------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `user_id`      | String | Required | The developer identification for your user                                                                                 |
| `event`        | String | Required | Name of the event being performed by the user                                                                              |
| `properties`   | Object | Optional | Dictionary of the properties associated with a particular event.                                                           |
| `context`      | Object | Optional | Dictionary of information that provides context about a message. However, it is not directly related to the API call.      |
| `timestamp`    | Date   | Optional | The timestamp of the message's arrival.                                                                                    |
| `anonymous_id` | String | Optional | Sets the user ID for cases where there is no unique identifier for the user. Either `userId` or `anonymousId` is required. |

> | `integrations` | Object | Optional | A dictionary containing the destinations to be either enabled or disabled.                                                 |

Reviewer 2: Don't remove `integrations` object.

The `page` method parameters are as described below:

| **Field**      | **Type** | **Presence**                              | **Description**                                                                                                            |
| :------------- | :------- | :---------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `anonymousId`  | String   | Optional                                  | Sets the user ID for cases where there is no unique identifier for the user. Either `userId` or `anonymousId` is required. |
| `userId`       | String   | Optional, if `anonymousId` is already set | Unique identifier for a particular user in your database.                                                                  |
| `context`      | Object   | Optional                                  | Dictionary of information that provides context about a message. However, it is not directly related to the API call.      |

> | `integrations` | Object   | Optional                                  | A dictionary containing the destinations to be either enabled or disabled.                                                 |

Reviewer 2: Don't remove `integrations` object.

| `context`      | Object | An optional dictionary of information that provides context about the event. It is not directly related to the API call.      |
| `timestamp`    | Timestamp in ISO 8601 format     | The timestamp of the event's arrival.  |

### Screen

The <Link to="/event-spec/standard-events/screen/">`screen`</Link> call is the mobile equivalent of the <Link to="/event-spec/standard-events/page/">`page`</Link> call. It lets you record the screen views on your mobile app along with other relevant information about the screen.

A sample `screen` call is as shown:

```go
client.Enqueue(analytics.Screen{
  UserId: "1hKOmRA4GRlm",
  Name:   "Pizza",
  Properties: analytics.NewProperties().
    SetURL("https://dominos.com"),
})
```

The `screen` method parameters are as described below:

> | **Field**      | **Type** |  **Description**     |

Reviewer 2: Add `integrations` object.

The `group` method parameters are as follows:

| **Field**      | **Type** | **Presence**                              | **Description**                                                                                                            |
| :------------- | :------- | :---------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `anonymousId`  | String   | Optional                                  | Sets the user ID for cases where there is no unique identifier for the user. Either `userId` or `anonymousId` is required. |
| `userId`       | String   | Optional, if `anonymousId` is already set | Unique identifier for a particular user in your database.                                                                  |
| `context`      | Object   | Optional                                  | Dictionary of information that provides context about a message. However, it is not directly related to the API call.      |

> | `integrations` | Object   | Optional                                  | A dictionary containing the destinations to be either enabled or disabled.                                                 |

Reviewer 2: Don't remove `integrations` object.

</div>

A sample `alias` call is as shown:

```go
client.Enqueue(analytics.Alias{
  PreviousId: "12345",
  UserId:     "45678",
  UserId:     "1hKOmRA4GRlm",
})
```

The `alias` method parameters are as mentioned below:

| **Field**      | **Type** | **Presence**                              | **Description**                                                                                                       |
| :------------- | :------- | :---------------------------------------- | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `userId`       | String   | Optional, if `anonymousId` is already set | Unique identifier for a particular user in your database.                                                             |
| `context`      | Object   | Optional                                  | Dictionary of information that provides context about a message. However, it is not directly related to the API call. |

> | `integrations` | Object   | Optional                                  | A dictionary containing the destinations to be either enabled or disabled.                                            |

Reviewer 2: Don't remove `integrations` object.
